<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Descaling_Process">
    <title>Descaling Process</title>
    <shortdesc>After using your Keurig for awhile calcium and other minerals start to build up. They won't harm you but they can cause your Keurig to become clogged. 
        If it is clogged first use a needle to poke inside of the needle that pokes a hole inside of the K-cup, see if there are coffee grounds causing the clog. 
        If this doesn't work you will need to go through the descaling proceess. It is also benifical to do this before it even gets clogged. 
        Depending on how much you use your Keurig you should do this process at least every three months. 
       </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Grab the vinegar or descaling solution and make sure you have cleaned the Keuirg
                    well with soap and water.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill the water reservior halway up with vinegar or the descaling solution, about
                    12 ounces.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill the water reservior the rest of the way up with water.(Either one works fine and vinegar is cheaper and likely something
                    already in your cabinets)
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill the water reservior the rest of the way up with water.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run your machine. Start the brew cycle without inserting a K-cup. Continue to
                    repeat until the reservoir is empty. Be sure to fill an empty mug and discard
                    the liquid in the sink after each run.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the resrvoir has been emptied of the vinegar or descaling solution, fill
                    again with plain water and continue the same process to remove the vinegar taste
                    from the water.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After running a full cycle or the cleaning solution and a full cycle of plain
                    water, your Keurig should be clean and ready to brew a cup of coffee like
                    normal.
                </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
